coac
Grand 36mm ionized plated case and bracelet. The Grand captures the eternal style of New York, the city Coach has always called home. This chunky bracelet watch the brand’s iconic Horse and Carriage in a contrasting gold tone.

Bremont
Bremont introduced two striking new chronographs, a new Jaguar C-Type as well as this WR-45 model made with its partner Williams Racing. The ETA movement inside has been modified to offer a longer power reserve (53 hours, up from 42), and you can see it through the caseback with its cool rotor design. It comes in a 43mm steel Trip-Tick case with a black DLC coating for a mean look paired to a black dial with pops of red, white and blue. Interestingly, Bremont chose to highlight the running seconds subdial at 9 o'clock in white making it stand out against the otherwise dark design.

Diameter: 43mm

APPLE WATCH ULTRA
With dive computer functionality, many see Apple's new smartwatch as taking aim at the traditional dive watch market where the previous Apple Watches couldn't really compete. Similar to those familiar dive watches, it introduced a larger Apple Watch — the largest yet, at 49mm in length — and a design that clearly borrows from traditional features like crown guards. It's also quite the departure for the Apple Watch, introducing a form that seems to put a rugged build ahead of the existing elegant curves. The Apple Watch has long focused on sports, but this takes it to another level and offers a smartwatch for adventurers, extreme sports and regular fitness activities.

Notable Features: 100m water resistance, depth gauge, compass, emergency siren, 60 hours of battery life, GPS, customizable "Action Button," larger screen, brighter display, apps and functionality for outdoor sports, etc.
Length: 49mm

GP
A contrasting braided faux leather strap and goldtone ball chain creates a long double strand strap for a modern wrap look on this Geneva Platinum watch. A polished case is iced with glittering rhinestones, while a solid anchor emblem completes the look. This fashionable wrap watch creates unique style with just the right amount of eye-catching detail to complete the look. Pair with an Alexandria Collection sterling silver anchor necklace for a complimenting accessory that will create a fashion-forward look with any ensemble! Makes a gorgeous and unique gift for birthdays and every day wear!

michealkors
From jet setting adventures to the 9 to 5 grind, the iconic Slim Runway watch collection by Michael Kors provide luxurious style with a modern splash of trend-right touches
Featuring a 44mm case size, 22mm band size, hardened scratch-resistant mineral crystal glass, 3 hand quartz movement, imported
Round sunray dial; Slim profile 12mm case. black plated bracelet with a brushed and polished finish. Bracelet strap with deployant closure deployment closure
Water resistant to 50m (165ft): in general, suitable for short periods of recreational swimming, but not diving or snorkeling
Michael Kors is a world-renowned, award-winning designer of luxury accessories and ready-to-wear with an innate sense of glamour and an unfailing eye for timeless chic